feat: upper case the name of the endpoints (#7783)
withastro/astro: .changeset/twelve-coats-rush.md

---
'astro': major
---

> The endpoints that have **lowercase** names are **deprecated**.
> 
> The endpoints methods **need** to be in **uppercase**.

Reviewer: I think we can rephrase this to emphasise the action users need to take, i.e. when thinking about a CHANGELOG as a guide that users need to act upon, we can focus on users _renaming_ functions rather than the passive state functions should have:

```suggestion
Lowercase names for endpoint functions are now deprecated.

Rename functions to their uppercase equivalent:
```

> The endpoints that have **lower case** name are **deprecated**.
> 
> The endpoints methods **needs** to be in **upper case**.

Reviewer 2: Plural fixes, plus, we tend to use the lowercase/uppercase variant (one word) in docs, so while this is not incorrect, I would change for consistency.
```suggestion
The endpoints that have **lowercase** names are **deprecated**.

The endpoints methods **need** to be in **uppercase**.
```

> ```diff
> --export function get() {
> ++export function GET() {
>     return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
> }
> 
> --export function post() {
> ++export function POST() {
>     return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
> }
> 
> --export function put() {
> ++export function PUT() {
>     return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
> }
> 
> --export function all() {
> ++export function ALL() {
>     return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
> }
> 
> // you can use use the whole word "DELETE"
> --export function del() {
> ++export function DELETE() {
>     return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
> }
> ```

Reviewer: I’m not sure we usually use this double `--`/`++` syntax in diffs? Probably safest to stick with a single `-`/`+` at the start of the line. Also fixed the repeated “use” in the comment above `DELETE`.

````suggestion
```diff
- export function get() {
+ export function GET() {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
}

- export function post() {
+ export function POST() {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
}

- export function put() {
+ export function PUT() {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
}

- export function all() {
+ export function ALL() {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
}

// you can use the whole word "DELETE"
- export function del() {
+ export function DELETE() {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ "title": "Bob's blog" }));
}
```
````
